reference-designs/ad-fmcdaq2-ebz: Add FMCDAQ2 documentation (#203)
analogdevicesinc/documentation: docs/solutions/reference-designs/ad-fmcdaq2-ebz/quickstart/microblaze.rst

.. _ad_fmcdaq2_ebz quickstart microblaze:

AD-FMCDAQ2-EBZ/AD-FMCDAQ3-EBZ Microblaze Quick Start Guide
==========================================================

> This guide provides some quick instructions (still takes awhile to download, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide provides some quick instructions (still takes a while to download, and
```

set things up) on how to setup the :adi:`AD-FMCDAQ2-EBZ` / :adi:`AD-FMCDAQ3-EBZ` on:

-  :xilinx:`KC705`
-  :xilinx:`KCU105`
-  :xilinx:`VC707`

Required Software
-----------------

-  Bitfile and Linux ELF image.
-  Xilinx XSCT/XSDB (included in Vivado/Vitis installation).
-  A UART terminal (Tera Term/Hyperterminal), Baud rate 115200 (8N1).

Required Hardware
-----------------

-  Xilinx KC705 or KCU105 or VC707
-  AD-FMCDAQ2-EBZ/AD-FMCDAQ3-EBZ FMC Board.
-  Micro / Mini-USB Cable

Testing
-------

-  Connect the AD-FMCDAQ2-EBZ/AD-FMCDAQ3-EBZ FMC board to the FPGA carrier, on the HPC FMC connector.
-  Connect USB JTAG (Micro USB) to your host PC.
-  Turn on the power switch on the FPGA board.

> -  Open XSCT/XSDB console to configure the FPGA and download the elf image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Connect the AD-FMCDAQ2-EBZ/AD-FMCDAQ3-EBZ FMC board to the FPGA carrier, on the HPC FMC connector.
- Connect USB JTAG (Micro USB) to your host PC.
- Turn on the power switch on the FPGA board.
- Open XSCT/XSDB console to configure the FPGA and download the elf image.
```

.. _ad_fmcdaq2_ebz quickstart microblaze:

AD-FMCDAQ2-EBZ/AD-FMCDAQ3-EBZ Microblaze Quick Start Guide
==========================================================

This guide provides some quick instructions (still takes awhile to download, and
set things up) on how to setup the :adi:`AD-FMCDAQ2-EBZ` / :adi:`AD-FMCDAQ3-EBZ` on:

-  :xilinx:`KC705`
-  :xilinx:`KCU105`
-  :xilinx:`VC707`

Required Software
-----------------

-  Bitfile and Linux ELF image.
-  Xilinx ISE Microprocessor Debugger (XMD) is sufficient for the demo.
-  A UART terminal (Tera Term/Hyperterminal), Baud rate 115200 (8N1).

Required Hardware
-----------------

-  Xilinx KC705 or KCU105 or VC707
-  AD-FMCDAQ2-EBZ/AD-FMCDAQ3-EBZ FMC Board.
-  Micro / Mini-USB Cable

Testing
=======

-  Connect the AD-FMCDAQ2-EBZ/AD-FMCDAQ3-EBZ FMC board to the FPGA carrier, on the HPC FMC connector.
-  Connect USB JTAG (Micro USB) to your host PC.
-  Turn on the power switch on the FPGA board.
-  Open XMD console to configure the FPGA and download the elf image.

Loading

> -------

Reviewer: The tables from this section should be removed, as we don't provide pre-built images anymore

Author: I deleted the tables.

      Info: MicroBlaze #0 (target 3) Running
      xsdb% Info: tcfchan#0 closed
      xsdb%

Messages
--------

If you are interested in the Linux console messages and command line interface,
connect a USB cable to the USB UART port. Terminal settings are 115200,8N1.

There are two users:

====== ========
user   password
====== ========
root   analog
analog analog
====== ========

If you FPGA carrier board (:xilinx:`KC705`, `vc707 <https://www.xilinx.com/vc707>`__, `ml605 <https://www.xilinx.com/ml605>`__) features a LCD display and the board is connected to a DHCP enabled network. You should also see it's IP address printed on the display. This allows you to connect remote to the board as well. (ssh, libiio remote)

Unlike shown in the picture below you won't see the second line. In case the IP
address is 192.168.2.2, this indicates that DHCP failed and it's now using it's
default address. This address may not be within your subnet, and things
therefore may fail.

.. image:: ../images/ml605-lcd.png
   :alt: LCD image
   :width: 200

You should see the kernel start-up messages as follows:

.. container:: box bggreen

   This specifies any shell prompt running on the target

>    ::

Reviewer: shouldn't this be collapsed?

Author: Done.
